README.md, before:

ated-frontend
=============

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hmrc/ated-frontend.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/hmrc/ated-frontend)

This service provides the frontend application for the Annual Tax on Enveloped Dwellings (ATED) service.

Summary
-------

This service is designed for users who have subscribed to ATED (clients and agents) to submit a return in the following scenarios:

* The user is liable for a charge
* The user is not liable for a charge (relief)
* The user has a mix of periods of charge and relief for the year
* The user wants to amend a submitted return
* The user wants to dispose of the property


Requirements
------------

This service is written in [Scala] and [Play], so needs the latest [JRE] to run.


Authentication
------------

This user logs into this service using the [Government Gateway]


Acronyms
--------

In the context of this service we use the following acronyms:

* [API]: Application Programming Interface

* [HoD]: Head of Duty

* [JRE]: Java Runtime Environment

* [JSON]: JavaScript Object Notation

* [URL]: Uniform Resource Locator

License
-------

This code is open source software licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License].

[Scala]: http://www.scala-lang.org/
[Play]: http://playframework.com/
[JRE]: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/overview/index.html

[Government Gateway]: http://www.gateway.gov.uk/

[API]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_programming_interface
[HoD]: http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/+/http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/manuals/sam/samglossary/samgloss249.htm
[JSON]: http://json.org/
[URL]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Locator

[Apache 2.0 License]: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html

Commit message:

DL-17748: Add runAllChecks and update libraries (#483)
* DL-17748: Add sbt runAllCheck command to ATED / ACM repos

* Updated Libraries

README.md, after:

ated-frontend
=============

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hmrc/ated-frontend.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/hmrc/ated-frontend)

This service provides the frontend application for the Annual Tax on Enveloped Dwellings (ATED) service.

Summary
-------

This service is designed for users who have subscribed to ATED (clients and agents) to submit a return in the following scenarios:

* The user is liable for a charge
* The user is not liable for a charge (relief)
* The user has a mix of periods of charge and relief for the year
* The user wants to amend a submitted return
* The user wants to dispose of the property


Requirements
------------

This service is written in [Scala] and [Play], so needs the latest [JRE] to run.


Authentication
------------

This user logs into this service using the [Government Gateway]


Acronyms
--------

In the context of this service we use the following acronyms:

* [API]: Application Programming Interface

* [HoD]: Head of Duty

* [JRE]: Java Runtime Environment

* [JSON]: JavaScript Object Notation

* [URL]: Uniform Resource Locator

### All tests and checks

> `sbt runAllChecks`

This is an sbt command alias specific to this project. It will run
- unit tests
- integration tests
- and produce a coverage report.

You can view the coverage report in the browser by pasting the generated url.

#### Installing sbt plugin to check for library updates.
To check for dependency updates locally you will need to create this file locally ~/.sbt/1.0/plugins/sbt-updates.sbt
and paste - addSbtPlugin("com.timushev.sbt" % "sbt-updates" % "0.6.3") - into the file.
Then run:

> `sbt dependencyUpdates `

To view library update suggestions - this does not cover sbt plugins.
It is not advised to install the plugin for the project.

License
-------

This code is open source software licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License].

[Scala]: http://www.scala-lang.org/
[Play]: http://playframework.com/
[JRE]: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/overview/index.html

[Government Gateway]: http://www.gateway.gov.uk/

[API]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_programming_interface
[HoD]: http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/+/http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/manuals/sam/samglossary/samgloss249.htm
[JSON]: http://json.org/
[URL]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Locator

[Apache 2.0 License]: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html
